README.md, before:

### I will now be posting progress updates on twitter[(@pewspew)](https://twitter.com/pewspew) if you're interested.
### I'm looking for someone who want to work on the frontend. Language of your choice. 

I'm available in the gitter chat if you have any questions!

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/Pewpews/happypanda?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![Stories in Progress](https://badge.waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda.png?label=In%20Progress&title=Features%20In%20Progress)](https://waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda)
[![Stories in Before next release](https://badge.waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda.png?label=Before%20next%20release&title=Before%20next%20release)](https://waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda)

Development is done in alpha branch

For future plans, see [issues](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/issues)

For general documentation, check the [wiki](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/wiki)

# Screenshots
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot1.png" width="700">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot2.png" width="700">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot3.png" width="700">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot4.png" width="700">

# Features
- Portable, self-contained in folder and cross-platform
- Advanced gallery search with regex support
- Low memory footprint
- Gallery tagging: userdefined namespaces and tags
- Gallery metadata fetching from the web (supports various sources)
- Gallery downloading from the web (supports various sources)
- Folder monitoring
- Multiple ways of adding galleries to make it as convienient as possible!
- Recursive directory/archive scanning
- Supports ZIP/CBZ, RAR/CBR and directories with loose files
- Customizable by lots of settings
- And lots more...

# How to install and run
#### Windows
1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/releases)
2. Extract the archive in it's own folder
3. Find Happypanda.exe and double click on it!

#### Mac and Linux
see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md)

# How to update
Overwrite your previous installation.
More info in the [wiki](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/wiki)

# Misc.
People wanting to import galleries from the Pururin database torrent should find [this](https://github.com/Exedge/Convertor) useful.

# Dependencies
- Qt5 (Install this first) >= 5.4
- PyQt5
- requests (pip)
- beautifulsoup4 (pip)
- watchdog (pip)
- scandir (pip)
- rarfile (pip)
- robobrowser (pip)
- Send2Trash (pip)
- Pillow (pip) or PIL
- python-dateutil (pip)

# Contributing
Please check the wiki.

Commit message:

chg: doc: update readme.
- move original author message to its own section
- add shields io badge for license
- add codeclimate badge
- add forks goal
- comment out unused badge

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/Pewpews/happypanda?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GPL-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda/master/LICENSE)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rachmadaniHaryono/happypanda)
[]([![Stories in Progress](https://badge.waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda.png?label=In%20Progress&title=Features%20In%20Progress)](https://waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda))
[]([![Stories in Before next release](https://badge.waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda.png?label=Before%20next%20release&title=Before%20next%20release)](https://waffle.io/Pewpews/happypanda))

# Screenshots
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot1.png" width="700">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot2.png" width="700">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot3.png" width="700">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pewpews/happypanda/master/misc/screenshot4.png" width="700">

# Features
- Portable, self-contained in folder and cross-platform
- Advanced gallery search with regex support
- Low memory footprint
- Gallery tagging: userdefined namespaces and tags
- Gallery metadata fetching from the web (supports various sources)
- Gallery downloading from the web (supports various sources)
- Folder monitoring
- Multiple ways of adding galleries to make it as convienient as possible!
- Recursive directory/archive scanning
- Supports ZIP/CBZ, RAR/CBR and directories with loose files
- Customizable by lots of settings
- And lots more...

# Fork's goals:

## Main goals:

- [ ] Testing coverage for non pyqt stuff over 50 %.
- [ ] Using peewee for database module.
- [ ] More supported gallery downloader.

## Optional goals:

- [ ] Metadata from other website such as myanimelist, mangaupdates, etc

# Original author's message:

### I will now be posting progress updates on twitter[(@pewspew)](https://twitter.com/pewspew) if you're interested.
### I'm looking for someone who want to work on the frontend. Language of your choice.

I'm available in the gitter chat if you have any questions!

Development is done in alpha branch

For future plans, see [issues](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/issues)

For general documentation, check the [wiki](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/wiki)

# How to install and run
#### Windows
1. Download the archive from [releases](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/releases)
2. Extract the archive in it's own folder
3. Find Happypanda.exe and double click on it!

#### Mac and Linux
see [INSTALL.md](INSTALL.md)

# How to update
Overwrite your previous installation.
More info in the [wiki](https://github.com/Pewpews/happypanda/wiki)

# Misc.
People wanting to import galleries from the Pururin database torrent should find [this](https://github.com/Exedge/Convertor) useful.

# Dependencies
- Qt5 (Install this first) >= 5.4
- PyQt5
- requests (pip)
- beautifulsoup4 (pip)
- watchdog (pip)
- scandir (pip)
- rarfile (pip)
- robobrowser (pip)
- Send2Trash (pip)
- Pillow (pip) or PIL
- python-dateutil (pip)

# Contributing
Please check the wiki.
